Dear Developers, Users and Fans of IceWM,

time has come for me to say so long, and thanks for all the fish.

During the past four years I have spent countless hours designing and
filling icewm.org, helping users, administrating the mailing lists or
sometimes just chatting nonsense on #icewm on irc.openprojects.net. I've
also maintained the IceWM FAQ a while, created some themes, filed lots of
bug reports.

But over time other projects became more important for me, and I cannot help
users as much as I'd like to, and sometimes I forget to reply to emails
concerning icewm.org or the mailing lists for weeks. This tells me it's time
to leave this work to someone else, someone who's more focused on IceWM, or
people will start complaining about my bad service, affecting IceWM's image.

The time spent for IceWM was really great, and I've met some nice people
some of you might still remember:

Marko Macek: he's IceWM's god, without him I'd be using some crippled window
  manager. Thank you for all your work, and thank you that you're back
  coding IceWM.
MJ Ray and Niels Rasmussen: MJ formed the IceWM Network, a loosely tied
  network of IceWM related webpages, and together we built to first version
  of what soon became icewm.org. It was great working with you guys.
Mathias Hasselmann: the saviour of IceWM when Marko got stuck with his
  rewrite of IceWM. He added some really cool features, and helped me create
  the second incarnation of icewm.org, it's what we currently have.
Josef 'Jupp' Schugt: like MJ one of the oldtimers who helped create a
  community around IceWM. He wrote the IceWM FAQ.

There are other people who helped IceWM in one way or the other, but these
friends I remember most, these are the people who have been the core of the
IceWM community when there was one.

The following jobs are open and await your application:

- [web]master of desaster at icewm.org. I'll add everyone of the current
  team who was only remotely active recently, so maybe someone is willing to
  take the responsability. Read http://www.icewm.org/?page=cvs
- head honcho of mailing lists. I'll send the passwords to Marko and
  Mathias. They have to do the work until someone is deemed trustworthy.
- maintainer of the IceWM FAQ. The current maintainer seems to have lost
  interest, I haven't heard from him in ages. Volunteers? Just take the FAQ,
  do something with it, and ask the webmasters for a link to your homepage.
- supporter, answering user questions on the mailing list and in IRC. 
  Everyone should do his part, don't be shy.

Thank you all, I'll miss you guys, Markus.

PS: I'll keep using IceWM as my only window manager of course. It's just
perfect... well, almost.
